

INT. COMEDY CLUB - NIGHT

(Jerry is on stage, performing.)

JERRY: My parents live in Florida now. They moved there last year. They didn't want to move to Florida, but they're in their sixties, and that's the law. You know how it works. They got the leisure police. They pull up in front of the old people's house with a golf cart, jump out, "Let's go Pop, white belt, white pants, white shoes, get in the back. Drop the snow shovel right there. Drop it!" I am not much for the family gathering. You know, you sit there, and the conversation's so boring. It's so dull. And you start to fantasize. You know, you think, "What if I just got up and jumped out that window? What would it be like? Just crashed right through the glass." You know. Come back in, there's broken glass, everybody's all upset. "No, I'm all right. I was just a little bored there. And uh no, I'm fine. I came back. I wanted to hear a little more about that Hummel collection, Aunt Rose. Let's pick it up right there."


INT. JERRY'S APARTMENT - DAY

(Jerry's father, Morty, is watching television. His mother, Helen, is ironing his father's jacket.)

HELEN: You have so many nice jackets. I don't know why you had to bring this jacket. Who wears a jacket like this? What's wrong with that nice gray one? You have beautiful clothes. They sit in your closet. Morty, you can't wear this!

(Jerry's phone rings. Helen goes into the bathroom)

MORTY: Are you getting that?

HELEN: I thought you were getting it.

MORTY: Should I pick up?

HELEN: You want me to get that?

MORTY: I'll get it!

HELEN: I'll get it!

(They both go for the phone; Helen gets to it first.)

HELEN: Hello?... Hello?

(She hangs up. Jerry enters, wearing baseball clothes and carrying a bat and glove.)

JERRY: Hi.

HELEN: Hi.

JERRY: (to Morty) Would you make this thing lower! I can hear it on the street!

(Jerry picks up the remote and turns off the TV.)

MORTY: So, how'd you do?

JERRY: We won. I made an incredible play in the field! There was a tag-up at third base and I threw the guy out from left field on a fly! We'll be in the championship game Wednesday because of me. It was the single greatest moment in my life.

HELEN: This is your greatest moment? A game?

JERRY: Well, no. Sharon Besser, of course.

MORTY: You know what my greatest moment was, don't you? Nineteen-forty-six. I went to work for Harry Flemming and I came up with the idea for the beltless trenchcoat.

HELEN: Jerry, look at this sport jacket. Is this a jacket to wear to an anniversary party?

JERRY: Well, the man's an individualist - he worked for Harry Flemming. He knows what he's doing.

HELEN: But it's their 50th anniversary.

MORTY: Your mother doesn't like my taste in clothing.

HELEN: You know, I spoke to Manya and Isaac on the phone today. They invited you again. I think you should go.

JERRY: First of all, I made plans with Elaine.

HELEN: So bring her.

JERRY: I don't even know them. What is she, your second cousin? I mean, I've met them three times in my life.

MORTY: I don't know her either. (gesturing to Helen) She makes me fly all the way from Florida for this, and then she criticizes my jacket.

HELEN: At least come and say hello, have a cup of coffee, then you'll leave.

MORTY: How come he gets to leave?

JERRY: If I wind up sitting next to Uncle Leo, I am leaving. He's always grabbing my arm when he talks to me. I guess it's because so many people have left in the middle of his conversation.

MORTY: And it's always about Jeffrey, right?

JERRY: Yeah. He talks about him like he split the atom. The kid works for the Parks Department.

(Enter Kramer.)

KRAMER: Morty, are you coming in?

MORTY: Oh, yeah. I forgot all about it.

KRAMER: (to Jerry) Hey, how'd you do?

JERRY: We won. We're in the finals on Wednesday.

KRAMER: Yeah!

JERRY: (to Kramer and Morty) What is this about?

KRAMER: I'm completely changing the configuration of the apartment. You're not gonna believe it when you see it. A whole new lifestyle.

JERRY: What are you doing?

KRAMER: Levels.

JERRY: Levels?

KRAMER: Yeah, I'm getting rid of all my furniture. All of it. And I'm going to build these different levels, with steps, and it'll all be carpeted with a lot of pillows. You know, like ancient Egypt.

JERRY: You drew up plans for this?

KRAMER: No no. It's all in my head.

MORTY: I don't know how you're going to be comfortable like that.

KRAMER: Oh, I'll be comfortable.

JERRY: When do you intend to do this?

KRAMER: Ohh... should be done by 

The End