

[Opening Monologue]

The cosmetic surgery procedures that are available to people today - liposuction, are you familiar with this? This is a fat-sucking machine. Now you know, somewhere, somebody is working on a way that this thing could go into a restaurant. And you could just order it off the menu. 'I tell you what, give me the cheesecake, crank me up to nine, and put a scoop of ice cream on the side.'


[Opening scene]

(Sidra on a Stairmaster at the New York Health Club. Jerry enters after his workout w/gymbag in hand.)

SIDRA: Oh, hi Jerry.

JERRY: Hi, Sidra. I usually last about ten minutes on a Stairmaster. Unless of course there's someone stretching in front of me in a leotard, then I can go an hour.

SIDRA (amused): Really.

JERRY: Oh, yeah. That's why they call it a Stairmaster. You get up there and you stare.

SIDRA (stepping off): Well, I'm done. I think I'm gonna go take a sauna.

JERRY: Alright, I'll see you Thursday night, right?

SIDRA: Thursday night.

JERRY: Alright.

(Elaine walks over to Jerry.)

ELAINE: Good workout?

JERRY (mimics smoking an &quot;after sex cigarette&quot;): Tremendous workout.

ELAINE: That's a pretty girl.

JERRY: Tremendous girl.

ELAINE: She's the one you went out with last night?

JERRY: Yeah. I really like her.

ELAINE: You know, uh...they're fake.

JERRY: What? Don't say that!

ELAINE: Nah! They're fake!

JERRY: How do you know?

ELAINE: I can tell. You know how you're always bragging how you can spot a lesbian?

JERRY: I'm not bragging, I happen to have a very keen lesbian eye. (A woman walks by Jerry and Elaine.) Hi, how ya doin.' (Jerry jerks a thumb at the woman to confirm his talent. Elaine is skeptical.)

ELAINE: Oh, right. C'mon, don't you think they seem a bit too perfect?

JERRY: Yes, they do!

ELAINE: I never knew you were so into breasts. I thought you were a leg man.

JERRY: A leg man? Why would I be a leg man? I don't need legs. I have legs. Have you ever seen her naked in the locker room?

ELAINE: No.

JERRY: Oh, well, then I can't accept your testimony. Maybe if you had seen her naked.

ELAINE: I don't want to see her naked.

JERRY: Well, I do.

ELAINE: Well, that's your problem.

JERRY: Look, you made the allegation. The least you could do is follow up.

ELAINE: Jerry, what am I gonna do? I'm gonna go in there and spy on her in the sauna?

JERRY: Yes! Go in there! Do a little investigative journalism. I need to know!

ELAINE: But a few more dates and you can find out for yourself!

JERRY: Don't be so sure. Look at George - he's on his ninth date with Betsy, he still hasn't gotten anywhere with her.

ELAINE: What's his problem?

JERRY: Well, every time he tries to make a move, something screws up. Like on their last date, they were on the couch, but she was sitting on his wrong side.

ELAINE: Wrong side?

JERRY: Yeah, she was on his right side. He can't make a move with his left hand. Can't go left.

ELAINE: He can't go left.

JERRY: No! I'm lefty, can't go right. What about women? Do they go left or right?

ELAINE: Nah, we just play defense.


[New scene - George and Betsy at Betsy's apartment. George tries to make it to the right-hand side of the couch, but Betsy beats him to it.]

GEORGE: Can I ask you a question? Would you mind switching seats?

BETSY: Oh, actually, I really prefer to sit here. I don't hear very well out of this ear (points to her right ear) so, I always try to sit to the right of people.

GEORGE: I'll shout.

BETSY: Well, I really think I feel more comfortable here.

GEORGE: C'mon, c'mon...(stands up and physically rolls Betsy to the left side of the couch.) See, now, is that so bad?

BETSY: What? (The phone rings.)

GEORGE (attempting to make a move): No, no, the machine'll get it...

BETSY: No, no, it's not on...

GEORGE: They'll call back.

BETSY: But George, what if it's an emergency?

GEORGE: In the whole world right now, there's maybe three emergencies. Why would you think, on this entire planet, that you're one of those three?

BETSY: George, please. (Gets up and answers the phone.) Hello? What? (shocked) Oh my god!

GEORGE: Alright, maybe four.


[New scene - Elaine at the health club, in the sauna with Sidra and some other women. We hear her thoughts.]

ELAINE's brain: Boy, I'm really sweatin.' Good sweat, beads of sweat...sweatin' bullets. (Notices Sidra.) Look at her. I don't need to see her naked to know those aren't real. Why does she need to tie the towel around her? She's got a rack on her chest. (Sidra takes her towel off and lies down.) Oh god! Sidra's takin' the towel off! (Looks at Sidra's chest.) Whoa, doctor! That's it, I knew it! I knew it, they're definitely fake.


[Cut back to George and Betsy at her apartment. Betsy's still on the phone.]

BETSY: So, when's the funeral? Well, Aunt Clarice was so ill, I guess it was really a blessing. (George, on the couch behind Betsy, is impatiently waiting for her to get off the phone so he can continue putting the moves on her. He shrugs, and crosses himself.) Yeah, I'll fly home as soon as I can. (George waves goodbye, and mimics a plane flying through the air with his hand.) O.k. You, too. Get some sleep. (Betsy looks at George, and he manufactures a completely phony look of sorrow.)


[New scene - Jerry and Elaine in Jerry's apartment.]

JERRY: You're sure?

ELAINE: Positive! This chick's playin' with confederate money.

JERRY: Well then, that's it. That's 

The End