

[Opening Monologue]

The love seat, that's a nice little item, there...I guess some guy thought, 'Well, if we can't get them to sit closer to us, why not just shorten the furniture?' My other favorite furniture brand is the La-Z-Boy. This is very flattering to the prospective customer, isn't it? Why don't we just call it the 'half-conscious deadbeat with no job, home all day, eating Cheetos and watching TV' recliner? I mean, it goes back so far, that thing...I mean, it's like, 'Go to bed already! It's over! You're wiped!'


[Opening scene - Jerry and George in a furniture store. Jerry is shopping for a new couch.]

JERRY: So, she got you to join a book club?

GEORGE: I got a feeling I'm gonna be much smarter than you pretty soon.

JERRY: Well, I think that statement alone reflects your burgeoning intelligence. (Sits on a couch.) Hey, what about this one?

GEORGE: Nah, I don't like that one.

JERRY: So, what's your first book?

GEORGE: &quot;Breakfast At Tiffany's.&quot; 90 pages. (Waves a hand like it's nothing.)

JERRY: It's kinda old, isn't it?

GEORGE: They wanted to read a Truman Capote book.

JERRY (standing): Oh, sure...Truman Capote.

GEORGE: He's a great writer.

JERRY: Oh, yeah.

GEORGE: Did you ever read anything by him?

JERRY: No. You?

GEORGE: Nah.

JERRY (sees a white couch by the wall): Oh, what about this one? Look at this, this is it! This is what I'm looking for. (Sits on the couch.) Oh, yeah!


[New scene - Jerry and Elaine in Jerry's apartment. The moving guys are delivering Jerry's new couch.]

ELAINE: Hey, what's going on?

JERRY: New couch, baby!

ELAINE: New couch? Why?

JERRY: I love this couch. You know what the best part about it is? It doesn't fold out, so no one can sleep over.

(Elaine laughs. Carl and another furniture mover come in, and they pick up Jerry's old couch.)

ELAINE (to Carl, flirtatiously): Hello.

CARL: Hello.

ELAINE: Oh, let me get the door for you. (They carry the couch out the door.) Ooh, be careful!

JERRY: Wait till you see it, it's perfect. The guy told me it's one of a kind, they stopped making it.

ELAINE: What are you doing with your old couch?

JERRY: Nothing, the moving guys are taking it. Why, you want it?

ELAINE: Yeah, I'll take it.

JERRY: Well, I'm sure that they can deliver it to your apartment.

ELAINE: Yes, they can. (Kramer enters.)

KRAMER: Hey! Couch is comin.'

JERRY: It's here!

KRAMER: Alright! Yeah. You know, I'm excited about this, Jerry. In a way, I feel like I'm getting a new couch.

JERRY (nonplussed): Yeah. So do I.

KRAMER: Ooh! Remember Poppie?

JERRY: Oh, you mean from Poppie's Restaurant?

KRAMER: Yeah, yeah. Anyway, uh...we're going into business together. Remember that idea I had a few years ago about the pizza place where you make your own pizza?

JERRY: Yeah.

ELAINE: What was that again?

KRAMER: It's a pizza place where you make your own pie! We give you the dough, the sauce, the cheese...you pound it, slap it, you flip it up into the air...you put your toppings on and you slide it into the oven! Sounds good, huh?

ELAINE (in a southern accent): Ooh, I can't wait to get me a fella and make mah own pie!

JERRY: What made you resurrect that old idea?

KRAMER: Well, I happened to be eating at Poppie's when I told him the &quot;old&quot; idea, and his eyes - waaaaaah! - just lit up. You know, he wants to back it.

ELAINE: I heard Poppie's was good, let's go.

JERRY: I'm not goin' there. Didn't he get busted by the Board of Health?

KRAMER: That was in the past, Jerry. As it happens, New York Magazine just judged his kitchen to be one of the cleanest in the city. They got a duck there, you think you died and went to heaven.

ELAINE: Ooh! I love duck. C'mon, c'mon!

KRAMER: Yeah, but you gotta order it two days in advance. (To Jerry) You know, I'm gonna call him, I'm gonna order the duck for you.

JERRY: Oh, Kramer, I -

(Kramer turns around and runs smack into Jerry's new couch being brought in by Carl and the other moving guy, and hits the floor. They place the couch in the same spot as the old one.)

JERRY: Right there, guys. That's perfect. Ah? Whatta ya think, Lainie?

ELAINE: Well, I don't know. I'll have to sit on it.

JERRY: Oh no, I don't want anyone sitting on it.

CARL (hands Jerry an invoice): Sign here.

ELAINE (to Carl): Excuse me, I was wondering if would it be possible if you could deliver the old couch to my apartment? It's not very far.

CARL: Sure.

ELAINE: 'Kay. You, uh...you got room in the truck for me?

CARL: Yeah, I think we can squeeze you in.

ELAINE: Oh, goody. Okay, well uh...(to Jerry and Kramer)...I'll see you chumps later. (Elaine and Carl exit.)

KRAMER: Did you offer those guys a drink?

JERRY: Uh, no. Should I have?

KRAMER: What kind of a person are you?

JERRY: I don't know.


[New scene - George at home, preparing to read &quot;Breakfast At Tiffany's.&quot;]

GEORGE: Okay. &quot;Breakfast At Tiffany's.&quot; (Begins to read, but gradually his attention is drawn to the TV Guide on 

The End