

[opening monologue]

JERRY: The whale is supposed to be such an intelligent animal. You know you always here about how they can communicate by song from miles away. How extensive their vocabulary is. I would say from the rate we are pushing the whales off the beach back into the ocean the words shore and close do not appear to be in their vocabulary. I would say if the whales concentrate a little less on the singing and a little more on approaching Quervo beach volleyball tournament. If you wanna maintain the brainy mammal image.


[the bathroom]

ELAINE: Oh, I can't believe this. What a dope! uh..excuse me umm.. I'm sorry this is.. this is kind of embarrassing but.. there's no toilet paper over here 

JANE: (from the stall on Elaine's right) Are you talking to me? 

ELAINE: yeah.. I I just forgot to check so if you could just spare me some.

JANE: No I'm sorry 

ELAINE: What? 

JANE: No I'm sorry, I can't spare it 

ELAINE: you can't spare it?? 

JANE: no there's not enough to spare 

ELAINE: well I don't need much, just 3 squares will do it 

JANE: I'm sorry I don't have a square to spare, now if you don't mind 

ELAINE: 3 squares? you can't spare 3 squares?? 

JANE: no I don't have a square to spare, I can't spare a square 

ELAINE: oh is it two-ply? cause it it's two-ply I'll take one ply, one ply, one puny little ply, I'll take one measly ply 

JANE: look, I don't have a square and I don't have a ply (flushing and leaving) 

ELAINE: No no, no no, don't don't, I beg you 


[the movie theater]

(Jerry's girlfriend, Jane, returns and sits down)

JERRY: (eating pop corn) hmm I love this artificial flavoring I like it better than butter I think it's more consistent 

JANE: you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom 

JERRY: what? 

(offering pop corn to Jane) 

(elsewhere in the same theater) 

ELAINE: hey 

TONY: Hey. Hey? where is my popcorn babe? 

ELAINE: what? 

TONY: my popcorn, you were supposed to get me popcorn what? would you forget about me babe? 

ELAINE: you would not believe what just happened to me in the bathroom 

JANE: I mean.. a person needs a certain amount of toilet paper to be covered.. I simply could not spare it this woman just didn't get it, she kept harassing me 

ELAINE: 3 squares!! that's all I was asking for! 3 squares! 

JANE: she wouldn't stop &quot;help me! help me!&quot; she was insane 

ELAINE: I was begging her &quot;please! please!&quot; she was insane 

JERRY: who do you think she is? how dare she? you want me to get the manager? too bad they don't have those old ladies walking around with flashlights anymore we'd flush her out 

JANE: I don't know what she looks like 

JERRY: I wonder where Elaine is sitting? I really wanted you to meet her she's supposed to be here tonight with her new boyfriend Tony 

ELAINE: hmm where is Jerry sitting? he's supposed to be here tonight with his new girlfriend I'm dying to see what she looks like 

TONY: hey? you think if I jumped off that balcony I'd get hurt? 

&nbsp;

[Jerry's apt.] 

(Jerry's at his computer) 

(Kramer enters) 

KRAMER: hey 

JERRY: hey 

KRAMER: hey guy, can I use your phone in your bedroom? 

JERRY: what's the matter with yours? 

KRAMER: huh.. my batteries are dead 

JERRY: It's not one of those 976 calls, is it? 

KRAMER: look come on, let me use it, 5 minutes, I'll pay you back huh? 

JERRY: why do you do that? 

KRAMER: oh... (goes to the bedroom) 

(Elaine enters) 

ELAINE: I am never going back to the movies again 

JERRY: hey where were you last night? I looked for you, I didn't see you 

ELAINE: I looked for you too, I was all the way over on the side 

JERRY: oh with huh.. pretty boy.. Tony 

ELAINE: yeah 

JERRY: hey hey (fooling around with his collar) 

ELAINE: yeah, all right ok 

JERRY: Tony, hey hey (continues fooling) 

ELAINE: that's nice. Listen, listen to this I am in the bathroom, right before the movie starts 

JERRY: huh huh 

ELAINE: I'm in the stall and there's no toilet paper 

JERRY: no what? 

ELAINE: toilet paper 

JERRY: oh.. whoa.. 

ELAINE: so I ask this woman in the stall next to me for some and she refuses! ha ha 

JERRY: well maybe she couldn't spare it 

ELAINE: a square? 

JERRY: well, you know, sometimes a square is everything 

ELAINE: a ply? 

JERRY: Elaine, you cannot judge a person on a situation like that. I mean it's like asking for someone's canteen in the desert 

ELAINE: yeah 

JERRY: it's battle conditions 

ELAINE: yeah, well I just hope I run into her again ok, cause I will never forget that flinty voice, it is tattooed in my brain if I hear it, watch out So listen what happened with Jane last night? 

JERRY: oh.. Jane she uh.. she uh.. 

ELAINE: the four of us are going out Saturday right? That should be fun 

JERRY: yeah that should be real fun 

ELAINE: you know what, it's getting late, can I call Tony? 

JERRY: yeah 

(Elaine picks up the wireless phone and presses for the tone) 

WOMAN'S VOICE ON THE PHONE: then we'll get a cab and we'll do it in the back seat.. how's that Andre? 

ELAINE: Andre? 

(Jerry approaches and listens to the phone with Elaine) 

KRAMER: (on the phone) what about the driver? we could get an accident 

WOMAN so what? 

KRAMER: oh that wouldn't be very good 

JERRY: (on the phone) hey Andre, get the hell off the phone! 

ELAINE: what, what is going on? what.. who is Andre? 

JERRY: Kramer's Andre, he's fooling around with these 976 numbers (Kramer walks out of the bedroom) hey I told you, I don't want you doing that on my phone 

KRAMER: Jerry, I'm telling you, this phone sex thing is hilarious, like this woman Erika, here look (showing the ad in the newspaper). You gotta call her, the voice she uses.. 

JERRY: hey you know it's weird because that voice sounded a little familiar to me 

KRAMER: hey, you're hungry? Monk's? 

JERRY: no I gotta go downtown 

ELAINE: oh wait, you're giving me a lift home right? 

JERRY: yeah 

ELAINE: so listen, what happened last night with Jane? 

JERRY: oh uh nothing, she just.. choked on a jujube 

&nbsp;

[Jerry's car]

ELAINE: you know I hate to tell you this, but it's time to defrost that freezer 

JERRY: I know, I just can't bring myself to do it meanwhile that freezer keeps getting smaller and smaller (she smiles) (Elaine looks at her watch) oh, don't wanna keep Tony waiting 

ELAINE: hey you got a problem with Tony? 

JERRY: hunky.. Tony.. hey hey hey (fools around with his collar again) 

ELAINE: ok, Jerry, I would be going out with him no matter what he looked like 

JERRY: of course you would 

ELAINE: oh yeah, oh.. like you're one to talk 

JERRY: Elaine 

ELAINE: what? 

JERRY: different for a man 

ELAINE: uh? 

JERRY: we're expected to be superficial 

ELAINE: I'm not being superficial 

JERRY: Elaine, he's a.. he's a male bimbo, he's a mimbo 

ELAINE: he's not a mimbo, he's an exciting, charismatic man he just happened to have a perfect face 

JERRY: and that's why you're going out with him 

ELAINE: no it is not 

JERRY: you know, I think George has a non-sexual crush on him 

ELAINE: I think he does too 

JERRY: I mean, every time I see him, it's Tony this, Tony that. George is like a school girl around him 

&nbsp;

[Monk's] 

TONY: so I said uh.. &quot;hey dude, you better step off&quot; 

(Tony takes his cap and wears it backwards) 

GEORGE: &quot;step off&quot;? 

TONY: yeah 

GEORGE: you said &quot;step off&quot;? wow, that is too much hey..huh hey (George turns the cap his wearing backwards like Tony) Tony, I huh, I just had this brainstorm for us. Can you guess what it is? 

TONY: no 

GEORGE: bowling! what do you say bowling? bowling's insane! bowling is crazy time 

TONY: bowling? I don't think so George you get no rush from bowling 

GEORGE: rush? you want a rush? drop a ball on your toe my friend, talk about a rush, you'll be throbbing, you'll see visions 

TONY: no no no no, I'm thinking.. rock-climbing 

GEORGE: all right! rock-climbing! J..just the 2 of us? alright! hey I'll make some sandwiches, what what do you like? tuna? peanut butter? 

TONY: what.. whatever 

GEORGE: alright alright, I gotta buy some bread 

TONY: yeah yeah, you know I'm definitely down for some rock-climbing 

GEORGE: me too, I am down, I am totally down, mark me down 

TONY: cool, so what do you say we climb a rock ma&ntilde;ana? 

GEORGE: uh.. ma&ntilde;ana? huh ma&ntilde;ana might.. huh ma&ntilde;ana might be a problem, I'm supposed to have huh a boil lanced ma&ntilde;ana. Huh you know I think they charge me if I cancel with only one ma&ntilde;ana's notice 

(Kramer enters) 

TONY: hey Kramer 

KRAMER: hey 

TONY: hey, hey Kramer my man, what are you doing ma&ntilde;ana? 

KRAMER: ma&ntilde;ana I'm doing nada 

TONY: what do you say you scale some rock with me and George? 

GEORGE: uh Tony? there's not gonna be too many sandwiches 

TONY: c'mon Kramer what do you say? 

GEORGE: huh Kramer it's huh.. gonna be pretty dangerous up there 

KRAMER: Na, I am down 

TONY: yes.. alright buddy, take it easy Kramer you down to it George? what's wrong? 

GEORGE: Oh no, I am down! 

(Tony and George high-five really hard. George shakes his hand in pain afterward)

&nbsp;

[Jerry's] 

ELAINE: rock climbing? hehe.. where do you come off going rock climbing.. rock climbing? you need a boost to climb into your bed (Elaine laughs) 

GEORGE: alright alright 

JERRY: yeah yeah what is it with you and Tony? what are you? it's like his sidekick now? 

GEORGE: yeah that's right. I like it. He's such a cool guy 

JERRY: cool guy? what are you, in 8th grade? 

GEORGE: he's the first cool guy I've ever been friends with in my whole life. You know.. it's a different world when you're with a cool guy, he's not afraid of anybody. You should hear the way he talks to waitresses.. he gets free pie! 

(Kramer enters) 

KRAMER: hey 

EVERYBODY hey 

GEORGE: hey nice move today 

KRAMER: what? 

GEORGE: horning on my rock climbing trip. It's just supposed to be me and Tony 

KRAMER: he asked me 

GEORGE: you put him on the spot 

KRAMER: you know I think you are in love with him 

GEORGE: what?.. that's ridiculous! 

KRAMER: no no no, I don't think so. You love him 

GEORGE: you better be careful on those rocks tomorrow buddy. And you're not getting any sandwiches either 

(phone rings, Kramer answers) 

JERRY: you're making sandwiches? 

KRAMER: hello 

GEORGE: well I don't know if there's gonna be any place to eat up there 

KRAMER: who? 

GEORGE: Hey Elaine, does Tony like peanut butter? 

ELAINE: hates it 

GEORGE: good thing I asked 

JERRY: (to Kramer): who is it? 

KRAMER: well she says Jane 

JERRY: yeah, so? 

KRAMER: well that voice, it's very familiar.. throaty, almost flinty 

JERRY: did you say flinty? 

KRAMER: yeah yeah, (in a flinty voice) flinty 

&nbsp;

[on the rocks]

(Kramer and George are hanging on a rock) 

KRAMER: (singing) yodel lay hee hoo! yodel lay hee hoo! hello! (Kramer jumps around George from one side to an other) 

ECHO: hello 

KRAMER: hey George, hear that? 

(George is terrified) 

GEORGE: please please I don't want to die up here. please, stop moving that's all I'm asking.. Kramer!! 

(George grabs Kramer's leg) 

KRAMER: let go, hey grab the rock 

GEORGE: what rock? 

KRAMER: the rock 

GEORGE: uh oh.. 

KRAMER: you gotta relax.. try the yodel (chanting) yodel lay hee hoo 

GEORGE: (sobbing) yodel lay hee hoo.. 

KRAMER: (chanting) yodel lay hee hoo 

GEORGE: (sobbing) yodel lay hee hoo.. 

TONY: (voice from below) George! Kramer! 

KRAMER: yeah! 

TONY: take the rope, thread it through the carabiniere and knot it, and I'll climb up to where you are 

KRAMER: alright.. George you got it? (gives him the rope) 

GEORGE: yeah 

TONY: hey George, you got anything to eat dude? 

GEORGE: (taking it out of his jacket pocket) yeah I got some sandwiches.. I got tuna.. and salmon salad Tony because I know you don't like peanut butter 

(the ropes slides down) 

KRAMER: what? 

TONY: dude aah....... 

(George and Kramer look at each other) 

GEORGE &amp; KRAMER: ahh.....!! 

&nbsp;

[Jerry's] 

(Jerry and Jane are eating) 

JERRY: oh look at that I got oil all over me. Can I have your napkin? 

JANE: what? 

JERRY: you napkin I'm dripping 

JANE: well where is your napkin? 

JERRY: I used it up 

JANE: well I need mine (looks at her watch) oh god loot at the time, I gotta get to work 

JERRY: you know I'd like to hear about this job of yours 

JANE: I told you already it's very boring you know I think I got a little too much garlic, can I have a piece of gum 

JERRY: you're fine (goes to the bathroom) 

(buzzer rings) 

JANE: oh how does this thing work? 

JERRY: just press it 

ELAINE: it's Elaine 

JANE: oh come on up 

JERRY: (coming out from the bathroom) who was it? 

JANE: it's Elaine 

JERRY: oh..huh.. is she coming up? 

JANE: yeah 

JERRY: oh.. uh.. you know your breath is a little garlicky you better take some gum. 

JANE: ok 

JERRY: Yeah have a couple of pieces, weak, weak gum yeah 

(Jane has her mouth full of gum and can't talk now) 

JANE: hmm 

JERRY: have some more, take some for the road. 

JANE: isn't it too much? 

JERRY: trust me.. nah it's good 

JANE: smell? 

JERRY: yeah stinks, terrible 

(Elaine enters) 

JERRY: hi Elaine 

ELAINE: hi 

JERRY: this is Jane Elaine 

ELAINE: hi, nice to meet you finally 

JANE: it's so nice to meet you (chewing) I look forward to Saturday night 

ELAINE: yeah me too 

JANE: ok so I'll see you Saturday night 

JERRY: Saturday night (she leaves) 

(Jerry shuts the door) 

ELAINE: what is with the gum? 

JERRY: I know it's a big problem.. she puts like four pieces in her mouth, it's ridiculous, I don't think we're gonna be able to get together on Saturday night 

ELAINE: because of the gum 

JERRY: well it's too much, it's embarrassing 

ELAINE: why does she have to chew so many? 

JERRY: she's one of these people, always have to be different 

(on the other side of the door) 

(whispering) 

GEORGE: she's there, I can hear her 

KRAMER: alright, who's gonna tell her 

GEORGE: huh you tell her 

KRAMER: it was your fault 

GEORGE: if you hadn't come, this whole thing wouldn't have happen (back on Jerry and Elaine's side, we can hear George saying &quot;I was the one who was invited&quot;, Jerry opens the door) 

JERRY: well 

ELAINE: hey 

GEORGE &amp; KRAMER: hey 

GEORGE: what are you doing here? 

ELAINE: did you have fun 

GEORGE &amp; KRAMER: yeah 

KRAMER: for a little while 

ELAINE: where's Tony? 

GEORGE: oh.. 

KRAMER: uh.. 

GEORGE: Kramer was supposed to tie a knot 

KRAMER: whoa whoa ginga, you were supposed to tie the knot 

ELAINE: did something happened? 

GEORGE: Well, Tony.. took a bit of a tumble 

ELAINE: his face, did something happen to his face? 

KRAMER: well it all depends on what you mean by.. happen 

GEORGE: he..he's alive 

KRAMER: yeah 

ELAINE: what happened to his face, tell me, what happened to his face 

GEORGE: Well you see he slipped, and he landed on a kinda of a.. 

KRAMER: rock 

GEORGE: yeah.. the ambulance got there very quickly 

KRAMER: it was a big rock 

GEORGE: we rode along all the way to the hospital 

KRAMER: yeah I sang 99 bottles of beer on the wall 

(Elaine rushes out) 

JERRY: well aside from that from that, how did he like the sandwiches? 

&nbsp;

[Tony's] 

ELAINE: so huh, what did the doctors say? 

TONY: they said huh.. they said I'm coming along (Tony's face is covered by bandages) 

ELAINE: but what else did they say 

TONY: well, they said huh Tony, try to keep it clean 

ELAINE: right yeah.. no I mean did they get into stuff like a.. long jagged scars or.. gross deformities, major skin grafts, stuff like that 

TONY: I really don't remember, I was kinda out of it for the 1st couple of days, I was on a lot of medication, it was kinda like haze, it was pretty cool 

ELAINE: huh (smiles) but huh, in this medicated haze, in this woozy state, um do you recall the words.. radical reconstructive surgery being uttered? 

TONY: I don't know, I don't know 

ELAINE: think Tony, think 

TONY: I'm drawing a blank, babe 

(knock on door) 

ELAINE: Excuse me.

(Elaine gets it, it's George) 

GEORGE: Hi Elaine

ELAINE: this isn't a very good time George 

GEORGE: I just wanted to talk to Tony for a minute (hands Elaine some stuff) 

TONY: step off George, I don't wanna see you 

GEORGE: me? &quot;step off&quot; 

ELAINE: yeah, Tony says you better step off George 

GEORGE: but..why, it wasn't my fault, I .. you asked me a sandwich, I .. I make such delicious sandwiches Elaine 

TONY: just beat it dude! 

GEORGE: here Elaine here, Superman (hands a comic book to Elaine, who passes it to Tony) please, next time it will only be the two of us 

TONY: there won't be any next time George 

GEORGE: oh Tony don't 

ELAINE: ok step off George, can u just step off? 

GEORGE: I I just.. but.. 

ELAINE: Bye bye (shuts the door) oh.. (opens it back) George wait wait 

GEORGE: yes? 

ELAINE: would you throw this trash out (closes the door) 

&nbsp;

[Jerry's] 

(Jane is giving Jerry a massage) 

JERRY: I've been waiting a while for this. You know it's a shame Tony got all banged up, we're not gonna be able to get together on Saturday night 

JANE: Oh that is too bad, what a shame 

JERRY: yeah, it's a damn shame, a damn shame! 

JANE: well maybe he's feeling better 

JERRY: yeah without a doubt, I'm down (Kramer enters) oh hey how're you doing? Jane this is my neighbor Kramer 

KRAMER: hey 

JANE: hello Kramer (he acts all weird, a la Kramer) 

KRAMER: well hello Jane 

JANE: Jerry told me so much about you, I feel like I know you intimately 

KRAMER: (very quickly) oh I don't think so, no we never met, I never talked to you before on the phone, alright I'll see you later buddy 

JERRY: wait, where are you going? where are you going? 

KRAMER: uptown, to the Y 

JANE: oh I'm going uptown too, you wanna split a cab? 

KRAMER: what about the driver? 

JANE: what are you talking about? 

JERRY: alright I changed my mind, uh yeah I don't think I'm not gonna go now 

JANE: well ok I'll see you later, 

JERRY: Ok.

JANE: nice meeting you 

JERRY:See ya. (Jane Leaves; after the door closes Kramer jumps in shock) what's with you? 

KRAMER: that's her 

JERRY: who? 

KRAMER: Erika, she's Erika 

JERRY: oh you think she's Erika, the phone sex woman 

KRAMER: Jerry, that voice is tattooed on my brain, I'm telling you it's her 

JERRY: oh you're crazy 

KRAMER: Am I? Or am I so sane that you just blew your mind? 

JERRY: It's impossible 

KRAMER: iIs it? Or is it so possible your heard is spinning like a top? 

JERRY: it can't be 

KRAMER: Can't it? Or is your entire world just crashing down all around you? 

JERRY: alright that's enough 

KRAMER: yeaaaaah! 

&nbsp;

[Monk's] 

ELAINE: he's supposed to get the bandages off on Sunday.. what if? 

JERRY: what? 

ELAINE: you know (acts like a monster) 

JERRY: oh you're afraid he might look like Zippy the pinhead 

ELAINE: yeah I mean, I mean what is my obligation here, you know we were just dating, it was probably gonna be over in a couple of weeks anyway 

JERRY: oh I though you didn't care about his looks 

ELAINE: I lied 

JERRY: aha 

ELAINE: are you kidding, he's a mimbo I know that.. but he's my mimbo, you know and even if he is a hideous freak maybe, maybe I can learn to love him, maybe in some final irony (Jerry is looking the other way), I'll learn what love really is. You know Jerry 

JERRY: oh I'm sorry I didn't get most of that.. isn't that Kramer over there? 

ELAINE: yeah, yeah 

JERRY: hey Kramer 

KRAMER: what? hey (walks by Jerry and Elaine's table) it's all set 

JERRY: what's all set? 

KRAMER: Erika is gonna meet me here, now we're gonna find out the truth 

JERRY: how's you get her to meet here? 

KRAMER: I don't know, we have a certain chemistry 

(Jane shows up and when she sees Jerry, she walks by their table, smiling) 

JERRY: oh my god 

JANE: hi I thought I'd find you here 

JERRY: hello.. Erika 

JANE: Erika? what are you talking about? 

JERRY: how can u say things like that over the phone? 

JANE: what things? What are you talking about? 

JERRY: selling sexual pleasure over the phone? 

JANE: I sell paper goods you jerk 

JERRY: paper goods? 

ELAINE: excuse me, do you have a tissue? 

JANE: No, I'm sorry, I can't spare it, there's not enough to spare 

(Elaine realizes) 

JANE: Where's the ladies' room (Kramer points her) 

ELAINE: I have to go to the bathroom too (runs to be ahead of Jane; Jane stops and looks back at Jerry; Jerry shugs) 

&nbsp;

[monk's: the bathroom] 

JANE: oh damn 

ELAINE: something.. wrong? 

JANE: yeah there's no toilet paper in here, I usually check but would you mind? 

ELAINE: I can't, I don't have it, I don't have a square to spare, I can't spare a square 

JANE: Hey, wait a minute, I know you 

ELAINE: that's right honey, and I know you! 

(Elaine gets out and she has an arms full of toilet paper) 

JANE: no, no, no!!! 


[Monk's]

(Elaine after exiting the bathroom very satisfied, walks towards Jerry and gives him the rolls) 

ELAINE: here, take it 

JERRY: thanks

JANE: (walks out of the bathroom, very furious; to Jerry) don't call me anymore 

(Jerry doesn't say anything and waves his hands) 

(Jane walks by Kramer and turns back) 

JANE: (to Kramer, in a very sensual voice) you either 

(sticks her tongue out) 

(Kramer and Jerry look at each other, with their mouths open) 


[Closing monologue]

JERRY: Now of the course the thing is Extreme sports. Bungie jumping. To me if Bungie jumping is a sport so is being a crash test dummy. Just leaning does not make it a sport. It's like a Wiley Coyote idea isn't it? The thing I wonder about the sky diving is why do they even bother with the helmets? Can you almost make it? Why don't they just wear a party hat? What's the difference? You jump out of a plane from twenty thousand feet in the air the chute doesn't open I got news for you, the helmet is now wearing you for protection. Later on the helmet's talking to the other helmets going &quot;boy it's a good thing he was there or I would have hit the ground directly.&quot; 


The End