

[Opening monologue]

It seems pretty hard to justify, at this point in human history, the existence of men and their handkerchiefs. I mean, they open it up, blow their nose in it, and then put it back in their pockets with their other valuables. Wallet, keys, mucous, yup, got everything. Is it because men can't give birth that they're just proud of anything that comes out of us? Well, actually have a monogram sewn on to it. What is the source of pride here? We-ah-uh, sticking out of the breast pocket of our jacket. 'I have a snot rag.'


[A sad-looking George staring out at the ocean.]


[Mr. Lippman's Office at Pendant]

(Elaine and Mr. Lippman are toasting in champagne)

MR. LIPPMAN: To your promotion.

ELAINE: Oh, thank you! (They drink) Mmm, Oh, thank you, Mr Lippman, I can't tell you how much I appreciate this. I mean, of course I deserve it.

MR. LIPPMAN: Well, you're really on your way now.

(Elaine screams with joy and Mr. Lippman coughs violently)

ELAINE: You really oughtta do something about that cold.


[Monk's]

(Jerry and Elaine at the normal booth)

JERRY: You got a raise?

ELAINE: I don't fool around, (banging on the table) baby!

JERRY: I thought you said Pendant was in financial trouble.

ELAINE: They were, but they're being absorbed by Matsushimi, that big Japanese conglomerate.

JERRY: Oh, when did that happen?

ELAINE: They're signing the papers next week.

JERRY: Does this mean they're gonna be publishing Kramer's coffee table book?

ELAINE: Yeah, they'll definitely do it now.

JERRY: Boy, you're on quite a streak. Job promotion, plus you're back with Jake Jarmal.

ELAINE: Yeah, it's gettin' serious, we're talking about moving in together.

JERRY: Boy, you really got it all, I'm sure Helen &quot;Girlie&quot; Brown would be very proud of you.

(Enter George)

JERRY: Speaking of having it all ... Where were you?

GEORGE: I went to the beach. (Jerry and Elaine exchange looks)

JERRY: Oh, the beach.

(Elaine laughs)

GEORGE: It's not working, Jerry. It's just not working. (sits down next to Elaine)

JERRY: What is it that isn't working?

GEORGE: Why did it all turn out like this for me? I had so much promise. I was personable, I was bright. (Elaine turns showing disagreement) Oh, maybe not academically speaking, (Elaine nods correct) I was perceptive. I always know when someone's uncomfortable at a party.

JERRY: (pointing to napkins; to Elaine) Could I get napkin over there?

GEORGE: It became very clear to me sitting out there today, that every decision I've ever made, in my entire life, has been wrong. My life is the complete opposite of everything I want it to be. Every instinct I have, in every of aspect of life, be it something to wear, something to eat ... It's all been wrong. (chuckles) Everywhere.

(A waitress comes up to George)

WAITRESS : Tuna on toast, coleslaw, cup of coffee.

GEORGE: Yeah. No, no, no, wait a minute, I always have tuna on toast. Nothing's ever worked out for me with tuna on toast. I want the complete opposite of on toast. Chicken salad, on rye, un-toasted with a side of potato salad ... and a cup of tea. (laughs)

ELAINE: Well, there's no telling what can happen from this.

JERRY: You know chicken salad is not the opposite of tuna, salmon is the opposite of tuna, 'cuz salmon swim against the current, (hand motion of the salmon swimming against the current) and the tuna swim with it. (hand motion of the tuna swimming with it)

GEORGE: (annoyed) Good for the tuna.

(A blonde looks at George)

ELAINE: Ah, George, you know, that woman just looked at you.

GEORGE: So what? What am I supposed to do?

ELAINE: Go talk to her.

GEORGE: Elaine, bald men, with no jobs, and no money, who live with their parents, don't approach strange women.

JERRY: Well here's your chance to try the opposite. Instead of tuna salad and being intimidated by women, chicken salad and going right up to them.

GEORGE: Yeah, I should do the opposite, I should.

JERRY: If every instinct you have is wrong, then the opposite would have to be right.

GEORGE: Yes, I will do the opposite. I used to sit here and do nothing, and regret it for the rest of the day, so now I will do the opposite, and I will do something!

(He goes over to the woman)

GEORGE: Excuse me, uh I couldn't help but notice that you were looking in my direction.

VICTORIA: Oh, yes I was, you just ordered the same exact lunch as me.

(George takes a deep breath)

GEORGE: My name is George. I'm unemployed and I live with my parents.

VICTORIA: I'm Victoria. Hi.

(George amazed at her response turns and looks toward Jerry and Elaine who are off screen)


[Jerry's apartment]

JERRY: (on the phone) Are you kidding? They can't cancel that show on me now, it's too late for me to book anything else for that weekend. Alright, alright ... okay, bye. (hangs up the phone)

(Enter Kramer)

KRAMER: Hey. Buddy, it's all happening!

JERRY: What's happening?

KRAMER: The coffee table book. It's a go-oo!

JERRY: Oh yeah, I heard all about it.

KRAMER: You know what this means? I'm starting the book tour. First stop : Regis and Kathy Lee.

JERRY: You're going on Regis and Kathy Lee?

KRAMER: Oh, you better believe it!

JERRY: I'll loan you my puffy shirt.

KRAMER: No, no, no.

JERRY: What're you gonna talk about?

KRAMER: Well, coffee tables.

(The phone rings)

JERRY: Hello? What? Yeah, sure, I'll do it. I just had something cancelled the same weekend. Ok. Great. Bye. (hangs up the phone; turns to Kramer) You know, life is amazing. I just lost a job and five minutes later get another, same weekend, same money.

KRAMER: You know who you are? Even Steven


[George's car]

(George and Victoria)

VICTORIA: Are you growing a beard?

GEORGE: Why shave every day? It just grows right back.

VICTORIA: I guess ...

GEORGE: I'm afraid I'm just not interested in how I present myself. If those kind of superficialities are important to you, this probably isn't gonna work.

(A car cuts in in front of them, George has to make a sudden maneuver)

VICTORIA: Hey watch, he just cut you off! Did you see that?!

GEORGE: Take it easy. Take it easy. It's not 

The End