

[Nightclub]

Jerry's standup piece.

I love it when people are complimented on something they're wearing and they accept the compliment as if it was about them. &quot;Nice tie.&quot; &quot;Well, thank you. Thank you very much.&quot; The compliment is for the tie, it's not for you, but we take it. That's kind of the job of clothes; to get compliments for us, because it's very hard to get compliments based on your human qualities. Right? Let's face it, no matter how nice a person you are, nobody's gonna come Say &quot;Hey, nice person.&quot; It's much easier to be a bastard and just try and match the colours up.

&nbsp;

[Antique Toy Store]

(Elaine and Jerry enter a store stocked with the toys of yesteryear. They look around at the array of classic teddy bears, toy boats, puppets, etc.)

ELAINE: (awed) Oh, look at this!

JERRY: Boy, I miss the days they made toys that could kill a kid.

(Something on the wall catches Elaine's eye. It's an old-fashioned girl's bicycle, with high handlebars, a pink frame and a basket on the front.)

ELAINE: (excited) Oh, cool! Look at that!

(Jerry looks over, but his eye is drawn more towards an attractive woman, Christie, who stands looking at the toys. She's wearing a dress of mid-thigh length, black from the bottom of the ribs down, and white on the chest and arms.)

JERRY: (admiring Christie) Yeah, I'm right there with ya.

ELAINE: (excited) That is a Schwinn Stingray! And it's the girl's model! Oh, I always wanted one of these when I was little.

(Christie leaves her examination of the toys on that side of the store, and walks over to some other items. Jerry watches her as she goes, she notices and smiles and flirtatious looks are exchanged. Jerry is oblivious to Elaine's voice.)

ELAINE: What d'you think Jerry? Jerry?

JERRY: (tearing himself away from Christie) Huh?

ELAINE: What d'you think?

JERRY: Oh yeah, be great for your paper route.

ELAINE: (laughs) I love it. I'm getting it.

(Elaine reaches for the bike, as Jerry turns back to Christie.)

ELAINE: Can you help me get it down, Jer? Jerry.

CHRISTIE: I think your friend needs some help over there.

JERRY: You know, the only way to really help her is to just let her be.

(Elaine gives up on Jerry assisting her and tries to lift the bike off the wall on her own. But as she raises it, the weight proves too much and she falls backwards, ending up on her back on the floor with the bike pinning her down. She struggles to lift it, but can't make much impression, so she rings the bell on the bike. Jerry finally has his attention drawn away from Christie.)

ELAINE: Hey!

(Elaine makes 'So, are you gonna help me?' gestures.)

&nbsp;

[Restaurant]

(George and Susan are having dinner with Ken and Carrie. Carrie is heavily pregnant. George is eating spaghetti with his usual decorum.)

SUSAN: A little baby girl?

KEN: Doctor says it could be any day now.

GEORGE: (through mouthful of food) So, Carrie, you and Susan are cousins. So your baby daughter is gonna be Susan's second cousin, right? So what does that make me?

CARRIE: Doesn't make you anything.

GEORGE: (jokingly) Well, so, legally, I could marry your daughter.

(George laughs and shovels another load of pasta into his mouth. Ken and Carrie look perturbed.)

SUSAN: So, have you picked out a name yet?

CARRIE: Well, we've narrowed it down to a few. We like Kimberley.

SUSAN: Aww.

GEORGE: (negative) Hu-ho, boy.

KEN: You don't like Kimberley?

GEORGE: Ech. What else you got?

KEN: How about Joan?

GEORGE: Aw c'mon, I'm eating here.

SUSAN: (warning) George!

CARRIE: Pamela?

GEORGE: Pamela?! Awright, I tell you what. You look like nice people, I'm gonna help you out. You want a beautiful name? Soda.

KEN: What?

GEORGE: Soda. S-O-D-A. Soda.

CARRIE: I don't know, it sounds a little strange.

GEORGE: All names sound strange the first time you hear 'em. What, you telling me people loved the name Blanche the first time they heard it?

KEN: Yeah, but uh... Soda?

GEORGE: Yeah, that's right. It's working.

CARRIE: We'll put it on the list.

GEORGE: I solve problems. That's just what I do.

&nbsp;

[Jerry's Apartment]

(Jerry sits in front of the TV, while in the kitchen Kramer is building a sandwich of epic proportions. He hums to himself as he piles sliced meat onto bread. Jerry looks over at him, looking somewhat irritated by the way Kramer's demolishing his food stocks.)

KRAMER: (sniffing a slice of meat) Yeah, oh boy. Mmm, that's good.

JERRY: You're really going to town with that turkey there.

KRAMER: Oh yeah, I got a big appetite.

(Kramer goes to the fridge and looks inside.)

KRAMER: Uhh, Jerry, you got no mustard, huh.

JERRY: It's on the door.

KRAMER: (examining a yellow squeeze bottle) What, this yellow stuff? No, I said mustard, Jerry. Dijon.

(Kramer waves away the squeezy option and shuts the fridge.)

KRAMER: Ah, 's no good.

(Kramer goes back to his sandwich, puts the second slice of bread on, and takes a bite. It doesn't meet with his approval. He spits out the mouthful he's taken onto the plate, and dumps the rest of the sandwich next to it.)

KRAMER: No. That's bush league.

(Kramer heads toward the door.)

JERRY: Hey, hey. Wha... wait... what, you're gonna leave it there? That's like half a pound of turkey!

KRAMER: No, no, I can't eat that. You can't eat a sandwich without Dijon.

JERRY: (sarcasm) Yeah, you're right. I really should keep more of your favourites on hand.

KRAMER: Hey, hey, hey. I'm getting a vibe here. What, are you unhappy with our arrangement?

JERRY: What arrangement?

KRAMER: Well, I was under the impression that I could take anything I wanted from your fridge, and you could take whatever you want from mine.

JERRY: (sarcasm) Yeah, well, lemme know when you get something in there and I will.

(Elaine enters. She has her head leaning over to the left, and she's moving carefully, like it's giving her pain.)

KRAMER: Oh, hey.

ELAINE: Hey.

JERRY: Hey. What's with your neck?

ELAINE: Still killing me from having to get that bike off the wall. (pointedly) By myself.

JERRY: Well, if it's any consolation, I did get her number.

ELAINE: (sitting) Ah, I think I really strained it. Ow.

JERRY: Aw, I doubt you strained it. Maybe you pulled it.

ELAINE: Ach, maybe.

JERRY: Did you twist it? You coulda twisted it.

ELAINE: I don't know.

JERRY: Did you wrench it? Did you jam it? Maybe you squeezed it. Turned it...

&lt;IMG SRC=http://tinyurl.com/2b9c width=200 &gt;

ELAINE: (patience exhausted) You know what, why don't you just shut the hell up?

JERRY: Awright.

ELAINE: God. Man, this is killing me. Right now, I would give that bike to the first person who could make this pain go away.

KRAMER: Aw, you really hurting, huh?

ELAINE: Oh, Kramer, it's just awful.

KRAMER: Uh hmm. Well, your arterioles have constricted.

(Kramer walks around behind the seated Elaine, and reaches for her neck.)

KRAMER: Alright, lean forward, relax.

ELAINE: (worried) What? What?

KRAMER: Encounter shiatsu.

(Kramer begins to work at Elaine's neck with his thumbs.)

ELAINE: Wait a minute. Kramer, you know what you're doing here?

KRAMER: (continuing to work) Ohh yeah. A wise man once taught me the Healing power of the body's natural pressure points.

ELAINE: Ah hah.

KRAMER: (to Jerry) He sells tee-shirts outside the World Trade Centre.

ELAINE: (seriously worried) Wha...?

KRAMER: He's a genius. Here we go...

(Kramer takes a firm grip of each side of Elaine's head. Elaine looks really worried now. She grabs a hold of Jerry's shirt and the arm of the couch, and her feet stamp on the floor.)

KRAMER: From pain, will come pleasure.

Kramer violently twists Elaine's head to the left. There's a loud crunching sound, and Elaine cries out in shock. Kramer lets go of her head and steps away, job done.)

KRAMER: Uh? Voila.

ELAINE: (pleasantly surprised) Oh my god!

KRAMER: Yeah.

(Elaine rolls her head around, completely comfortable.)

ELAINE: Wow! That is unbelievable. The pain is totally gone!

JERRY: What's even more amazing is his formal training is in pediatrics.

KRAMER: Awright, my work is done here.

(Kramer heads for the door.)

ELAINE: (big smile) Oh man! Kramer, thank you!

KRAMER: (closing the door) Yeah, you can send that bike over any time.

ELAINE: (after Kramer) What? (to Jerry) What, what is he talking about?

JERRY: I dunno. (realising) Oh, 'cos you said you'd give the bike to anyone who fixes your neck.

ELAINE: You really think he wants the bike?

JERRY: Oh yeah.

ELAINE: It took him like ten seconds!

JERRY: Well, that's the most he's worked in the last four months.

&nbsp;

[George's Car]

(George and Susan, heading home from the restaurant. George is happy, smiling and whistling.)

GEORGE: I think they really went for that Soda.

SUSAN: What, are you crazy? They hated it. They were just humouring you.

GEORGE: Ah, alright. Believe me, that kid's gonna be called Soda.

SUSAN: I can tell you, I would never name my child Soda.

GEORGE: Oh, no no no. Course not. I got a great name for our kids. A real original. You wanna hear what it is? Huh, you ready?

SUSAN: Yeah.

(George uses his finger to draw a number 7 in the air, accompanying the strokes of his digit with a two-tone whistle.)

SUSAN: What is that? Sign language?

GEORGE: No, Seven.

SUSAN: Seven Costanza? You're serious?

GEORGE: Yeah. It's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl...

(Susan scoffs.)

GEORGE: ...especially a girl. Or a boy.

SUSAN: I don't think so.

GEORGE: What, you don't like the name?

SUSAN: It's not a name. It's a number.

GEORGE: I know. It's Mickey Mantle's number. So not only is it an all around beautiful name, it is also a living tribute.

SUSAN: It's awful. I hate it!

GEORGE: (angry) Well, that's the name!

SUSAN: (also angry) Oh no it is not! No child of mine is ever going to be named Seven!

GEORGE: (yelling) Awright, let's just stay calm here! Don't get all crazy on me!

&nbsp;

[Jerry's Apartment]

(Jerry walks from the bathroom, talking to George, who's just told him about his contretemps with Susan.)

JERRY: Seven? Yeah, I guess I could see it. Seven. Seven periods of school, seven beatings a day. Roughly seven stitches a beating, and eventually seven years to life. Yeah, you're doing that child quite a service.

GEORGE: (adamant) Yes I am. I defy you to come up with a better name than Seven.

(Jerry walks toward the kitchen. He sees an item on the counter.)

JERRY: Awright, let's see. How about Mug? (picks up the mug) Mug Costanza, that's original. (he turns and sees another item) Or uh, Ketchup? Pretty name for a girl.

GEORGE: Alright, you having a good time there?

(Jerry is in the kitchen, and opens a cupboard. His eyes run over the array of good within.)

JERRY: I got fifty right here in the cupboard. How about Bisquik? Pimento. Gherkin. Sauce. Maxwell House.

GEORGE: (shouts) Awright already!! This is a very key issue with me, Jerry. I had this name for a long time.

(Jerry comes back into the living room. A thought occurs.)

JERRY: Oh, I forgot to call Christie.

GEORGE: Christie? That's the one you met in the antique store?

JERRY: Yeah, she had this great black and white dress, with a scoop neck. She looked like some kinda superhero.

GEORGE: And you met her in an antique store! I don't know how you do it!

JERRY: (smug) I'm not engaged.

(George gives Jerry a look. Kramer enters. He's carrying a small goldfish bowl, a pad and a pencil tied to the bowl by string.)

KRAMER: Ah, I got it.

JERRY: Got what?

KRAMER: (putting the items on the counter) Got the answer, Jerry. Refrigerator problem, is solved.

JERRY: Oh, it's no problem. You can take whatever you want.

KRAMER: Oh, I will. But now, I'm accountable. Alright, I take what I want.

(Kramer takes a cupcake from a box on the counter.)

KRAMER: Here. I write it down. (he writes) &quot;One cupcake.&quot; And then I put it in the bowl. (he tears off the sheet, crumples it and drops it into the bowl) There. Very simple.

JERRY: Sort of a mooching inventory.

KRAMER: No, no. Not mooching. 'Cos at 

The End