

[Opening Monologue]

(unwrapping a piece of gum) I think gum is, is one of the weirdest human inventions. (pops gum in his mouth) It's not a liquid, 's not a solid, 's not a food. What is it? It isn't really anything, you know. I mean, it's like a stationary bike for your jaw. Like, remember when you were in school, and teachers would get all riled up if they caught you with gum? And when you were a kid, you'd think 'What is the big deal?' But, as an adult, I can understand it, because when you're chewing gum, you don't look like you're too thrilled with anything anyone has to say. (as sarcastic teen) 'Oh, World War Two. That was an important historical event? Yeah, I'm sure.' 'They landed a man on the moon, nineteen sixty-nine? Yeah, right. Yeah, I buy that, teach.'


[Monks']

(Jerry and George sitting in a booth, much as usual.)

GEORGE: You think she's happy?

JERRY: Who?

GEORGE: (indicates with his head) The cashier.

JERRY: Ruthie Cohen?

GEORGE: (surprised) You know her name?

JERRY: Sure.

GEORGE: I don't think I've ever spoken to her.

JERRY: Maybe that's why she's happy.

(Kramer enters. He has a handful of flyers.)

KRAMER: (handing Jerry &amp; George a flyer) Good morning, gentlemen.

JERRY: What is this?

KRAMER: (removing his coat) Yeah, well, it's the latest offering from the Alex Theatre.

JERRY: That stinky old movie-house?

KRAMER: (sits beside Jerry) Well, you should smell it now. We fixed up the place.

GEORGE: (gesturing with flyer) With Spartacus?

KRAMER: (lighting his pipe) Well, it's a rare archival print. (jumps as his burns his fingers) Twelve extra minutes, full wide-screen CinemaScope, and if you come to the one o'clock show, you can hear Geoffrey Har-harwood.

JERRY: Geoffrey who?

KRAMER: Har-harwood, Jerry. He was the assistant wardrobe man on Spartacus. Some fascinating insights into the production.

GEORGE: Why would I spend seven dollars to see a movie that I could watch on TV?

KRAMER: Well, why go to a fine restaurant, when you can just stick something in the microwave? Why go to the park and fly a kite, when you can just pop a pill? (looks around Monk's) Listen, you guys haven't seen Lloyd Braun, have you? I'm supposed to meet him here.

GEORGE: Lloyd Braun? What d'you have to meet him for?

KRAMER: Well, he's using his connections in the Mayor's office, to uh, get the theatre landmark status.

JERRY: I thought he screwed up the Dinkins campaign.

KRAMER: Well, he did. You know, after that, he had a nervous breakdown? Had to spend a few months in an institution.

GEORGE: Really?

KRAMER: Yeah, but he's doing a lot better now. I've taken him under my wing.

JERRY: Oh, then I'm not worried.

(Lloyd Braun enters in the background.)

KRAMER: But he still needs all of our support. Now, when he gets here treat him like he's one of the gang, huh.

(Lloyd wanders toward the guys at the table.)

GEORGE: (thoughtful) Breakdown, huh?

LLOYD: Hey Kramer.

KRAMER: Oh, hey Lloyd, hey buddy. (gets up and shakes Lloyd's hand)

LLOYD: How you doing?

KRAMER: (slaps Lloyd on the shoulder) Sit down. (sits himself)

LLOYD: Hi Jerry.

JERRY: Lloyd.

LLOYD: George.

(Lloyd sits beside George.)

GEORGE: Hello, Lloyd. How you doing?

KRAMER: Yeah well, he's doing fine, George.

LLOYD: (offering packet) Gum?

JERRY: (peering) That's an interesting package.

LLOYD: Yeah, it's from China. Go ahead, try a piece. Tell me that's not the most delicious gum you've ever tasted.

KRAMER: Yes, yes. We shall all try a piece and tell you how delicious it is. (he takes pieces for himself and Jerry)

LLOYD: George?

GEORGE: I don't chew gum.

JERRY: (chewing) Mmm, different. Where'd you get it?

LLOYD: Friend of mine in Chinatown gave it to me. If you want I can ask him where he got it.

JERRY: Nah, don't bother.

LLOYD: No, it's no problem.

JERRY: I don't want it.

KRAMER: Jerry, Jerry. Lloyd says it's no problem. He's capable of locating the gum.

JERRY: Alright.

KRAMER: Mmm, delicious. This is delicious. Mmm.


[Jerry's Apartment]

(George sits at the table examining the contents of his wallet. Jerry is still chewing, and by his face, he's not enjoying it.)

GEORGE: You know what? I think this Ruthie Cohen gave me the wrong change. Didn't I pay with a twenty? I'm sure I paid with a twenty.

(Elaine enters.)

ELAINE: Hey.

GEORGE: Hey.

JERRY: I think I finally figured out what the flavor is in this gum. It's a little lo-mein-y. (he spits it into the waste bin)

ELAINE: What kind is that?

JERRY: It's Chinese gum, Lloyd Braun gave me.

ELAINE: Lloyd Braun? How's he doing?

GEORGE: (almost gleeful) After Dinkins lost the election, he had a complete nervous breakdown. They had to lock him up.

ELAINE: You know, that's around the same time I broke up with Lloyd. Y... you don't think that I had anything to do with his breakdown, do you?

JERRY: You know, I remember when we parted company, I was babbling incoherently for months.

ELAINE: Yeah? Well, I got news for you.

GEORGE: The whole time that I was growing up, all I ever heard from my mother was 'Why can't you be more like that Lloyd Braun?'

JERRY: And in 

The End