

[Street]

(Jerry and Elaine come out of a drugstore. Elaine has a couple of carrier bags she's fussing with the contents of.)

JERRY: Hey, have you seen all these new commercials for indigestion drugs? Pepcid AC, Tagemat HB.

ELAINE: Ugh, the whole country's sick to their stomach.

JERRY: Now, you know you're supposed to take these things before you get sick?

(Jerry and Elaine begin to walk along the street.)

ELAINE: What is this, a 'bit'?

JERRY: No.

ELAINE: 'Cos I'm not in the mood.

JERRY: We're just talking. Is this not the greatest marketing ploy ever? If you feel good, you're supposed to take one!

ELAINE: Yeah, I know that tone. This is a bit.

JERRY: They've opened up a whole new market. Medication for the well.

ELAINE: (tired) Alright, are you done with your little amusement?

JERRY: (hopeful) Then you admit it was amusing?

ELAINE: It was okay, but move the 'medication for the well' to the front, and hit the word 'good' harder.

JERRY: (thinking) Great. Thanks.


[Some Fancy Place]

(The room is stylishly furnished. A number of people sit around, chatting and drinking. Elaine and her new boyfriend, Brett, walk across the room, carrying drinks.)

ELAINE: So, your firm designed all the furniture in here?

BRETT: We manufacture it. The original designs are by Karl Farbman.

(Elaine and Brett sit on a couch)

ELAINE: (as if she knows) Oh, Farbman.

BRETT: You know Farbman?

ELAINE: Mm, love Farbman.

BRETT: Most people go their whole lives without sitting in a Farbman.

ELAINE: Wuh, if you call that living. (laughs) Ahaha.

(Music begins to play. It's The Eagles' Desperado. Brett hears the music and is enraptured. He stares off into the distance, oblivious to everything but the song.)

ELAINE: Wouldn't it be great if Farbman designed shoes?

(Brett hasn't heard a word of what Elaine said, continuing to stare off into the distance.)

ELAINE: Brett? Don't you think that would be great?

(Brett still doesn't react.)

ELAINE: Brett?

BRETT: (still staring off) After the song, babe.

ELAINE: Huh?

BRETT: The song.

(Elaine stares at Brett and puts a hand to her chest, moved by his sensitivity.)


[Street]

(Jerry and Elaine come round the corner, past the Chinese restaurant and walk along the street.)

JERRY: So when do I meet this jerk?

ELAINE: He's not a jerk, Jer. He only works with Karl Farbman.

JERRY: Who?

ELAINE: (dismissive) I dunno, some designer. Anyway, Brett is so generous, and sensitive. Last night he was moved just listening to a song.

JERRY: What song?

ELAINE: Desperado.

JERRY: Desperado?

ELAINE: Uh huh.

JERRY: And you're still dating him? I tell you who sounds a little desperado.

(Ahead of the strolling twosome, a guy stands on the sidewalk, twirling a brightly-coloured umbrella over his shoulder.)

JERRY: (pointing toward the guy) See that salesman, twirling that umbrella.

ELAINE: Uh huh.

JERRY: I invented that.

ELAINE: That, had to be invented?

JERRY: When I started out as a comedian, I sold umbrellas. It was my idea to twirl it, to attract customers.

(Elaine folds her arms, unconvinced.)

ELAINE: (skeptical) Oh hoh, really? Well, why don't we ask him about it?

(Elaine marches toward the umbrella guy.)

JERRY: Elaine.

ELAINE: Excuse me. Hey, how you doing. Uhm, my, uh, friend here says that he invented that little twirl you're doing.

JERRY: Elaine, please, it was a long time ago. The man doesn't want a history lesson.

CLICKY: Teddy Padillac came up with this twirl.

ELAINE: (looking at Jerry) Ohh.

JERRY: I know Teddy Padillac. I worked with him on Forty-eighth and Sixth.

CLICKY: Yeah, that's where he come up with it.

JERRY: In his dreams.

ELAINE: Alright, can we (glances at her watch) go?

(Elaine walks off, crossing the street. Jerry follows.)

JERRY: (to Clicky) By the way, you're doing it too fast. You'll disorient the customers.


[Jerry's Apartment]

(Jerry is demonstrating twirling an umbrella to George, who sits in a chair with a magazine.)

JERRY: It's the twirling that dazzles the eye.

GEORGE: (pulls a face) I find it disorienting. Who buys an umbrella anyway? Y..you get 'em for free in the coffee shop in the metal cans.

JERRY: (as if speaking to a moron) Those belong to people.

(Jerry tosses his umbrella onto the couch, and walks toward the kitchen. The door opens and Kramer enters, carrying a large envelope.)

KRAMER: Hey. Well. (proffers the envelope) This was downstairs for you. Ker-ching.

JERRY: (taking the envelope) Oh no, not more checks. They're coming faster than I can sign 'em.

GEORGE: What checks?

KRAMER: Oh, you didn't hear? Jerry's a big star in Japan.

JERRY: I don't know why. There's a one-second clip of me in the opening credits of some Japanese comedy show.

KRAMER: Yeah, the Super Terrific Happy Hour.

JERRY: (opening the envelope and pulling out a stack of checks) They run it all the time, and now I'm starting to get all these royalty checks.

GEORGE: Look at all of those! You're rich!

JERRY: Naw. Each one is for like twelve cents. It's barely worth the pain in my hand to sign 'em.

(Kramer sits on the couch and flinches as he sits on the umbrella. He reaches under himself and extracts it, then jumps again as he accidentally opens it. He gets back up, and heads to the kitchen.)

KRAMER: Hey, Jerry, you need any new furniture?

JERRY: Why?

KRAMER: (getting a bottle of water out of the fridge) Yeah, well, Elaine's new boyfriend, you know. He's giving me this oversize chest of drawers. It's a Farbman.

(George wanders over.)

GEORGE: He's giving you furniture? Who is this guy?

JERRY: Ah, who are any of her losers?

GEORGE: (dryly) You're on that list.

(George goes and gets his coat.)

GEORGE: Alright, I gotta go home and open up with the house for the carpet cleaners. You know they're doing my whole place for twenty-five dollars.

KRAMER: Oh, no, no, no. Not the Sunshine Carpet Cleaners?

EGO: Yeah, you heard of 'em?

KRAMER: They're a crazy religious cult. The carpet cleaning is just a means for them to get into your apartment.

GEORGE: So? For a twenty-five dollar cleaning, I can listen to some pointless blather.

JERRY: I do it, I'm not even getting the cleaning.


[Street]

(Kramer and Jerry stroll along. Jerry is massaging his left hand, as if it's giving him discomfort.)

JERRY: Signed over a hundred checks this morning.

KRAMER: Hello, twelve dollars.

(Jerry and Kramer draw level with three Japanese tourists. One of them steps forward, holding out a camera.)

MR OH: Excuse me. Would you take picture please?

KRAMER: (takes camera) Oh, yeah, sure.

(Jerry has spotted something further along the street. It's another umbrella salesman, twirling his wares.)

JERRY: I'm gonna ask this guy something.

(Jerry walks along to the guy. Kramer fusses about, taking a picture of the three Japanese guys, at one point he steps back to frame them all, and stumbles off the curb.)

JERRY: (to umbrella guy) Hey. Nice twirl you got there. You know who invented that, don't you?

(Back down the street, Kramer has finished photographing. He looks over toward Jerry, and thinks for a second.)

KRAMER: (to tourists) Hey, are you folks from Japan.

MR YAMAGUCHI: Hai.

MR OH: Yes.

KRAMER: (points over to Jerry) You recognise that mug?

(Jerry has taken one of the umbrellas, and is demonstrating the twirl to the guy. He's speaking animatedly, with lots of hand gestures and arm waving.)

KRAMER: That's the funny face that greets you at the beginning of the Super Terrific Happy Hour.

MR OH: Ahh, Super Terrific Happy...

(The three guys all speak to each other in excited Japanese.)

KRAMER: Ah, yeah. Yeah, that's him.

(Kramer and the three guys look along to where Jerry is still talking vigorously to the umbrella guy.)

MR OH: What is he doing?

KRAMER: Well, I don't know. But something super terrific, I'm sure.

MR OH: He's funny.

KRAMER: Oh yeah, very funny. And it wouldn't be impolite to laugh at his antics.

(Jerry is tossing the umbrella from hand to hand, with the unimpressed guy watching him. Kramer laughs, and the Japanese all join in.)

KRAMER: Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Because everybody laughs at Jerry here in America.

(Kramer and the Japanese all laugh uproariously, watching Jerry.)


[George's Apartment]

(Three guys in bright yellow overalls stand in George's living room. Two of them have a large carpet cleaner by the door, ready to leave, The third, the leader, has a notebook.)

CREW LEADER: (calling to George) We're pretty much finished.

(George enters from another room.)

CREW LEADER: There's just one more thing.

GEORGE: (smiling expectantly) Here it comes.

(The leader opens his book and holds up a check.)

CREW LEADER: (clears throat) You forgot to sign your check.

(The leader hands George a pen, and waits as George appends his signature.)

GEORGE: (signs) Sorry. (expectant) You're sure, uh, there isn't anything else?

CREW LEADER: (flat) No.

(The carpet cleaners begin to leave. George follows the leader toward the door, looking disappointed.)

GEORGE: (let down) So, that's it?

CREW LEADER: Unless you need a receipt.

GEORGE: (melancholy) I wish that was all needed. Life can be so confusing. I..I'm searching for answers, anywhere.

CREW LEADER: (flat) Good luck with that.

(The leader closes the door on a perplexed George.)


[Jerry's Apartment]

(Jerry sits at his table. He's signing checks, and holding his pen awkwardly in his hand which is twisted uncomfortably. Elaine enters and notices his hand.)

JERRY: Hey.

ELAINE: What's with the claw?

JERRY: Super terrific carpal tunnel syndrome.

(Elaine wanders toward the kitchen. The door opens and Brett enters.)

BRETT: (to Elaine) There's no sign of Kramer.

ELAINE: Oh, Brett. (indicating) This is Jerry.

JERRY: Hi.

(Jerry holds up his twisted hand in greeting. Brett copies the position of the fingers in his wave back.)

BRETT: That's very funny. Elaine told me you were some kinda comedian.

JERRY: Ah, I'm one kind.

(Elaine gets a bottle of water form the fridge.)

ELAINE: Have you seen the chest of drawers that Brett gave to Kramer?

JERRY: The Fleckman.

BRETT: Farbman.

JERRY: Right.

ELAINE: You gotta see 'em. Beautiful.

JERRY: (not interested) Oh, I'm sure they are.

BRETT: I'd be happy to get you some if that's what you're driving at.

JERRY: No. I'm fine, thank you.

BRETT: Don't worry. It's no charge to you.

(Brett walks over past Jerry and points to Jerry's desk.)

BRETT: Looks like what you really need is a decent desk for writing your skits.

JERRY: (quiet annoyance) I don't write skits.

BRETT: (walking back to Elaine) Well, of course you don't. You don't have a proper workstation. I'll fax you over my catalogue.

ELAINE: Mmm. Brett, uhm, Jerry doesn't have a fax machine.

BRETT: (quiet) Oops.

(Brett looks round at Jerry, seeming embarrassed.)

BRETT: Well, I'm sure things'll pick up for you soon. Elaine, maybe we should get going.

(Brett opens the door.)

ELAINE: Oh. Jerry, you wanna join us?

JERRY: Oh, where you going? The coffee shop?

BRETT: (scoff) Coffee shop? I think we can do a little better than that. You look like you could use a solid meal at a real restaurant.

JERRY: You look like you could use a...

ELAINE: (warning) Jerry.


[Saks]

(Kramer and the Japanese tourists are looking at stuff. Kramer picks up a Stetson and reads the price tag.)

KRAMER: (reads) Three hundred dollars. Hey, Mr Oh, how much would these run you in Tokyo?

(Kramer holds the hat over, so Mr Oh can get a look.)

MR OH: (thinks for a second) Ahh, about, uh, thirty thousand yen.

KRAMER: (shocked) Thirty thousand?! These are practically free.

(Kramer places the hat on an unsure Mr Oh's head.)

KRAMER: Giddyup. You're a cowboy now.

(Kramer hands Stetsons to each of the other Japanese.)


[Brett's Car]

(Brett and Elaine sit in his parked two seat Ferrari.)

BRETT: I feel terrible about your friend Jerry. He's upset that I gave Kramer that chest of drawers, isn't he?

ELAINE: Why? Why d'you think he's upset?

BRETT: How could he not be? Living in that cramped little apartment. And outdated furniture, so terribly... un-Karl Farbman-like.

ELAINE: (romantic) We're not gonna talk about Karl Farbman all night, are we?

BRETT: (smiling) I hope not.

(Brett leans across to kiss Elaine. Just as they begin to kiss, the Eagles' Desperado comes on the radio. Brett immediately breaks off the kiss, and stares off into the distance again.)

ELAINE: (surprised) Brett? Everything alright?

(Brett makes no response.)

ELAINE: (worried) Brett! What is it? Is there someone outside?

BRETT: Elaine, the song.

ELAINE: (relieved) Oh. Oh, oh, phew. You know, for a minute there I thought it was like that urban legend about the guy with the hook who's hanging on the fender...

BRETT: Elaine, could you just not talk for one minute?

ELAINE: (apologetic, silently mouthed) Sorry.

(Elaine stares queryingly at the rapt Brett.)


[Monk's]

(Jerry and George sit in a booth, sipping coffee.)

JERRY: No spiel?

GEORGE: (annoyed) Not a peep. They just cleaned the carpets and left. Call themselves a cult!

JERRY: So you're angry that this bizarre carpet cabal made no attempt to abduct you?

GEORGE: They could've at least tried!

JERRY: You know, maybe they thought you looked too smart to be brainwashed?

GEORGE: Please.

JERRY: Too dumb?

(George gives Jerry a look. Kramer enters, wearing a snazzy new suit. He strolls over to the booth.)

JERRY: (impressed) Well! Mack is back in town! Nice duds.

KRAMER: Konichi-wa. Yeah, it's a gift from my Japanese friends. (sits beside Jerry) They're known as gift-givers. And tonight we're going dancing at the Rainbow Room.

JERRY: Sounds like you're throwing a lot of their money around.

KRAMER: Well, Jerry, they're Japanese. I mean, that TV you watch, that sushi you eat, I mean, even that kimono you wear. Where to you think all that money goes, hmm?

(Jerry looks puzzled.)

KRAMER: That's right.

GEORGE: How'd you hook up with these guys?

KRAMER: Well, they recognised Jerry from the Super Terrific Happy Hour. See now, you should be doing your own show in Japan. Now, they get you.

JERRY: What kind of show am I gonna do in Japan?

KRAMER: (to George) Alright, what'd you do with that pilot you did.

GEORGE: (excited) Yeah, the pilot!

KRAMER: That's right, I think that had marvellous production values.

GEORGE: (enthusiastic) And, you know, I do a lotta business with Japanese TV. They broadcast a lot of American baseball. They got an office here in New York!

JERRY: Forget it! The pilot was awful. It failed.

GEORGE: (animated) It failed here! Because, here, every time you turn on a TV, all you see is four morons sitting round an apartment, whining about their dates!

(Jerry looks doubtful.)

KRAMER: George is right, Jerry. See, here, you're just another apple, but in Japan, you're an exotic fruit. Like an orange. Which is rare there.

(Jerry looks at George, wondering.)


[Japanese TV Office]

(Jerry and George sit on a couch. Two Japanese TV executives, one male, one female, sit on chairs. They are all watching the pilot show Jerry made at 

The End