

[Setting: Bookstore]

(George and Jerry both enter a bookstore)

GEORGE: I read somewhere that this Brentano's is the place to meet girls in New York.

JERRY: First it was the health club, then the supermarket, now the bookstore. They could put it anywhere they want, no one's meetin' anybody.

(Kramer walks up to Jerry and George while leafing through a book)

KRAMER: Jerry, look at all these pagodas, huh? I gotta get over to Hong Kong before it all goes back to China..

JERRY: (Sarcastic) You better hurry.

GEORGE: I'm gonna hit the head.

KRAMER: Oh, boy, look at this. Hong Kong's outlawed the rickshaw. See, I always thought those would be perfect for New York.

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Yes. The city needs more slow-moving wicker vehicles.

(George is about to go into the bathroom. He grabs a book on his way in)

KRAMER: Hmm, Elaine's been to Hong Kong. I should give her a call.

JERRY: She's at that annual Peterman party tonight. You know the one she danced at last year?

KRAMER: (Remembering) No, that wasn't dancing.

JERRY: (Pointing) Hey, there's Leo.

KRAMER: Oh? Who's Leo?

JERRY: Uncle Leo.

KRAMER: Oh, yeah. Right. Uncle, Leo. Forgot his first name..

(Kramer and Jerry both watch Leo looking at the books on a shelf. Then, Leo takes a book and puts it under his coat)

JERRY: Did I just see that?!

KRAMER: (To Jerry) Well, that ougta keep you busy for a few days, huh?


[Setting: The Annual Peterman Party]

(Elaine is sitting alone at a table. Walter, a co-worker, comes up to her)

WALTER: (Joking around with her) So, Elaine.. are you going to dance this year?

ELAINE: Maybe.. All over your face!

(A waiter serving food approaches Elaine)

WAITER: If you do dance, the cooks want to know - so they can be brought out of the kitchen. They missed it last year.

(Elaine is looking both angry and embarrassed. Scene cuts to Peterman giving a toast)

PETERMAN: My friends, a toast. As the wolly-haired Melanasians of Papua, New Guinea once said, (Makes a series of clicking and popping sounds. The music starts up) All right! Who's dancing? (No one makes a gesture that they intend to dance) No one? Alright, I'll just have to get things started. (Grabs a female employee, and starts dancing with her. The crowd is impressed)

(Scene cuts back to Elaine's table. A fellow employee sits down at Elaine's table)

ZACH: Hi, I'm Zach.

ELAINE: Hi, I'm miserable. (They both laugh)


[Setting: Bookstore]

(George casually puts the large book he took into the bathroom with him on the shelf. A manager notices, and approaches him)

MANAGER: Excuse me, Sir. What are you doing?

GEORGE: (Acting innocent) I'm all set.

MANAGER: (Pointing) Did you take that book with you into the bathroom?

GEORGE: (Not sure what the answer should be) What do you want to hear?


[Setting: The Coffee shop]

(George and Jerry are at Monk's Coffee shop)

GEORGE: They made me buy it.. A hundred bucks this thing cost me. (Gesturing to the book) How dare they?! I got news for you, if it wasn't for the toilet, there would be no books.

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Yeah. I understand Guttenberg used to spend a lot of time in there.

GEORGE: They're selling coffee, bran muffins.. you're surrounded by reading material. It's entrapment!

JERRY: (Reading the cover of the book George was forced to buy) 'French Impressionist Paintings'?

GEORGE: I find the soothing pastorial images very conduc-

JERRY: (Cutting him off) Thank you very much.

GEORGE: Well, I'm gonna go back there later and return it when there's different people working.. You want to catch a movie?

JERRY: I can't. I'm meeting Uncle Leo. I saw him shoplifting at the bookstore.

GEORGE: (Praising Leo's stealing) Alright, Leo! Stickin' it to the man!

(Elaine enters and sits down)

JERRY: Sleeping in the caragain?

ELAINE: Cocktail flu.

JERRY: (Remembering) Oh, right. The big party..

GEORGE: You, uh, didn't dance again, did you?

ELAINE: (Angered) No, I found a better way to humiliate myself. There was this guy, and we had a few too many..

GEORGE: You went home with him?

ELAINE: Worse. We made out at the table like our plane was going down!

JERRY: (Rubbing it in) Ah, the drunken make-out. An office classic. Did you end up xeroxing anything?

ELAINE: (Gives Jerry a look) Do you know how embarrassing this is to someone in my position?

JERRY: (Confused) What's your position?

ELAINE: I am an associate.

GEORGE: Hey, me too.

(A waitress, passing their table, speaks up)

WAITRESS: Yeah, me too.

ELAINE: Oh God. Why did I do this? Now I'm the office skank.

GEORGE: Well, unless you tell everybody you're dating.

ELAINE: (Liking the idea) Ohh.. right. Cause if we're dating, what everyone saw was just a beautiful moment between two lovers.

JERRY: (Jokingly rubbing it in) As opposed to a spirited bout of Skanko-Roman wrestling.

ELAINE: (Sarcastic) Oh, bravo.


[Setting: Jerry's apartment]

(Jerry enters his apartment to find Newman and Kramer having a conference at his table)

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Oh, hey. Can I fix you fellas some drinks and sandwiches?

KRAMER: (Taking his offer seriously) No, we've already eaten.

NEWMAN: (Gesturing to dishes and silverware on the table) But you can clear some of this stuff out of the way.

KRAMER: Jerry, check this out. (Pointing at some papers on the table) Remember my idea about rickshaws in New Youk? Well, we're gonna make it happen!

JERRY: (Jokingly trying to be skeptical) No, you're not.

KRAMER: Newman, he knows a guy in the Hong Kong post office..

JERRY: (Still skeptical) No, he doesn't.

NEWMAN: He's shipping us a rickshaw. It can't miss!

JERRY: Yes, it can.

KRAMER: We'll start out with one, and they when it catches on, we're gonna have a whole fleet!

NEWMAN: It's the romance of the Handsome Cab without the guilt or dander of the equine.

JERRY: So, who's gonna pull this thing?

(Kramer and Newman both look at eachother)

KRAMER: (To Newman) Well, I just assumed you would.

NEWMAN: Yeah, but I though-

KRAMER: (Stopping his thought) Da-da-da-da no.

JERRY: (Extremely happy about Kramer and Newman's dilemma) My, isn't this an awkward moment?

KRAMER: (Brainstorming) What about the homeless?

NEWMAN: Can't we worry about them later?

KRAMER: (Explaining) To pull the rickshaw.

NEWMAN: (Pondering Kramer's plan out loud) They do have an intimate knowledge of the street..

KRAMER: They're always walkin' around the city. Why not just strap something to them?!

JERRY: (Sarcastic) Now, that's the first sensible idea I've heard all day.


[Setting: The Coffee shop]

(Uncle Leo enters, and joins Jerry at his booth)

LEO: Jerry, hello! (Sits down)

JERRY: So, Leo, how's everything? You doin' Okay?

LEO: I still have the ringing in the ears. Sounds like the phone.

JERRY: (Shrugging his problems off) Yeah, yeah. But what about money? Are you strapped? Do you need a little?

LEO: What, are you kidding? I should you loaning you money! (Quickly amending what he just said) But I'm not.

JERRY: (Being frank) Leo, I saw you in Brentano's yesterday.

LEO: Why didn't ya say hello?

JERRY: Because you were too busy stealing a book.

LEO: (Giving a courtesy lesson) You still say hello.

JERRY: (Showing that it's a problem) Leo, I saw you steal.

LEO: Oh, they don't care. We all do it.

JERRY: Who, criminals?

LEO: Senior citizens. No big deal.

JERRY: You could get arrested.

LEO: Arrested? Come on! (Goes into a routine explaination for his stealing) I'm an old man. I'm confused! I thought I paid for it. What's my name? Will you take me home?

JERRY: (Pleading) Leo..

LEO: Alright, alright. Mr. Goody Two-Shoes. You made your point.

JERRY: (Thinking he's stopped Leo's thefts) Thank you.

LEO: (Yelling out to every one in the coffee shop) Will somebody answer that damn phone?!


[Setting: Peterman office building hallway]

ELAINE: (Talking to a co-worker) Of course Zach and I have been dating. What'd you think, I was the office skank?

WALTER: Well..

ELAINE: &quot;Well&quot;? We've been dating for three months. Between you and me, and.. anyone else you want to tell.

(Elaine enters into the break room. There, she sees Zach making out with another co-worker)

ELAINE: (Exits, closing the door behind her) Oh man. Ugh..

WALTER: (Pointing at the closed door) Isn't that Zach?

ELAINE: Yeah.

WALTER: Aren't you upset?

ELAINE: (Starts to fake cry) Yes. Oh, man! Oh!


[Setting: NYC street]

(Kramer and Newman are standing there with a rickshaw. Close by are three homeless guys in a line)

KRAMER: Alright, listen up. Now, you three have been hand-picked out of possibly dozens that applied. Now, what we're looking for are motivated, hard-working, homeless gentlemen like yourselves to pull rickshaws. (One of the homeless men starts to wander off, walking away) Now, I don't caer where you're from, or how you got here, or what happened to your homes. But you will have to be physically fit.

(One of the 2 remaining homeless men drops a bottle)

HOMELESS MAN: The government!

KRAMER: (Continuing as if nothing happened) Because to pull rickshaws means more than just strong legs. You're also going to need a well-toned upper body.

(Kramer looks at the two confused guys) Or a shirt..

NEWMAN: Alright, who's first?

(The homeless man with a shirt raises his hand. Kramer pats him on the shoulder - dust flies into the air)

KRMAER: Hey.

NEWMAN: Name, please.

HOMELESS MAN: Rusty.

NEWMAN: (Writing on a clipboard) Rusty.

KRAMER: (To Rusty) You know, I once knew a horse named Rusty. No offence.

NEWMAN: (To Rusty) Alright, uh, take it down to 

The End